Subtitles by DramaFever
Your Highness, the king has conferred you
as the legal heir of the Taiyuan Kingdom.
Is this true?
What do you think?
Good.
Sure...
I'll be the king.
Godfather, why did you let him live?
You even made him
the legal heir to the throne.
He's just a fool.
Godfather, don't tell me you really...
Yun Hen, have you carried out
the tasks I assigned to you?
All armed forces in Qing Province
are to halt until further notice.
How is the king?
After taking the medication,
the king has remained unconscious.
I'm afraid he won't
ever regain consciousness.
However, the royal physician said
that the king can surely survive
until the legal heir takes his throne.
It's just that...
You don't understand why I stopped right
before we were about to succeed, do you?
Godfather, you must've had
your reasons for doing so.
I've carefully
planned this out for years.
But there's one matter I overlooked.
Even if you have me killed
without a legal royal heir to the throne
the sovereignty will be
returned to Tianquan Kingdom!
What did you say?
Should a royal family die out
the kingdom shall be forfeited.
This is the foremost rule that all
five kingdoms must abide by.
How could an outsider
like you know of it?
Should the royal family
of Xuanyuan be eliminated today
the Taiyuan Kingdom will be
no more than a state of lakes.
Before we master
the skill of manipulating water
we can only serve this fool
as he's legal heir to the throne.
Have you looked into his background?
I've sent my men to investigate him.
It's said that Xuanyuan Min
was raised in luxury.
Since his father,
the arch prince, passed away
he's either been out at the opera
or gambling with disreputable friends.
That's how he used up
all of his huge inheritance.
He even has quite a few debts.
A good-for-nothing like him is
the most suitable candidate for heir.
However, he might not be as
simple as we think he is. Is he?
Godfather, you still
have doubts about him?
All members of the royal
Xuanyuan family can manipulate water.
I've already tested him.
But apart from the Xuanyuan family
anyone who's trained in the force
of Qiongcang can manipulate water too.
At the moment, the Xuanyuan family's
bloodline is soon to be wiped out.
We can only keep him as
the current heir apparent.
Send your men out there
to see if Fei Yan has any news.
Yes.
Bear this in mind.
Before you receive
any further information
Xuanyuan Min is not to succeed
the throne back at the capital.
Yes!
I'm punished to do laundry?
This is a great chance to see
how my new machine works.
Fu Yao!
Quickly!
Go save White, quickly!
What's wrong with White?
White is sick again and has been
pacing back and forth all day!
If this continues... We have
to get someone to treat it!
I'll go to Senior Yan for help.
Why would he help us with such a matter?
We should come up with another solution.
If this goes on, it may not
make it through tonight!
Nonsense.
Leave this to me.
Stay with White.
Are you going up the
mountain for that flower?
- That flower...
- Lower your voice.
That won't do!
You know that flower grows
on the Forbidden Cliff.
No one but the Chief
and the elders can enter.
You're doomed if you get caught.
Not even Senior Yan can save you.
Do you know how dangerous it is?
That's enough!
I'm not going there for the first time.
Don't you want White to live?
Stay here.
I'll be right back.
Don't you know it's
first come, first served?
In my book,
whoever gets it first owns it.
It seems that Xuanyuan Sect's
martial arts skills are quite mediocre.
You...
The Forbidden Cliff of Mount
Xuanyuan can gobble people up.
But these are just some vines.
Do you think I can't make it out of here?
Give it a try then.
There are many wild beasts around here.
They'll be here to feast on you soon.
Fine, I admit defeat.
Young lady, I wonder what
I should do to have you save me?
Wouldn't it have been great
if you'd behaved this well earlier?
Hand over that flower.
Then I'll save you from there.
Why should I trust you?
Why should you trust me?
Are you in a position
to negotiate terms with me now?
Fine.
I'll die either way.
Why don't I just gobble up
the Hundred-layered Orchid now?
Don't!
I'll rescue you.
Quickly!
Catch it!
Here.
Try harder!
Pull harder!
How can I pull even harder?
How'd you fall into the water?
I just saved you!
How can you be so ungrateful?
You're the one who let go of the vine.
What did I do?
Nothing at all.
I'll get going.
Hold on!
Can you leave the flower behind?
Young lady, you're not in any
position to negotiate with me now.
You can't sell that flower
for much money anyway!
I need it to save a life!
You should save yourself first.
I'm off.
Hey!
Get back here!
Jerk!
Leave the flower behind, asshole!
The outcome of the Warrior Hunt
will affect Xuanyuan Sect's future.
Have you thought it through carefully?
I'm aware of the advantages
and disadvantages.
Father, you need not worry.
All competent pugilists and nobility
will be here for the Warrior Hunt.
You're the future Chief of Xuanyuan Sect.
As for personal affairs
like romantic relationships...
I'll let you to weigh the pros and cons.
Father, you're too sensitive.
Although I've always
taken great care of Fu Yao
she's just a slave under
the Xuanyou Division after all.
I understand the favorable and
unfavorable factors in this matter.
The Armillary Cauldron is a holy relic
passed down from the ancient firmament.
It only shows itself every eight years
when the Warrior Hunt of
the Xuanyuan Sect takes place.
I've long heard of the many
hidden talented individuals here.
The Warrior Hunt is extremely thrilling.
I happen to be here this time.
Elder Statesman, why don't you
stay a few days longer?
By then, all the renown pugilists
and nobility of the Taiyuan Kingdom
will be here as spectators.
Since I'm just in time for the event,
how could I possibly miss it?
I'll stay a few days longer then.
I believe that the heir apparent
is also interested in it.
He can also see the heroes
of Mount Xuanyuan for himself.
Godfather, are we really
going to wait around?
There's already news from the capital.
It's been reported
that both Zhang He Nian
Liu Song Ming and the others
are stirring up chaos.
Let them!
Only in chaos can we find out
all the factions' true motives.
Isn't that right?
Who are the ones I can recruit?
Who are the ones that must be killed?
We will find out in time.
Pei Yuan asks
to meet the Elder Statesman.
Elder Statesman,
it's an honor to have you visit us.
I failed to welcome you sooner.
Please don't take it to heart.
There are no outsiders here.
No need for formalities.
Thank you, Uncle.
I'm aware of it.
What's the rush?
I followed your instructions
to win over the pugilists
with my identity as
a disciple of the Xuanyuan Sect.
It's been tough on you all these years.
You've done really well.
This is just what I should do.
Besides, Mount Xuanyuan is a
remarkable place that fosters great men.
It has made my stay here worthwhile.
I'm afraid there's someone who has
made your stay worthwhile, isn't there?
Uncle, you're teasing me again.
I knew that you'd come.
You can't even wait
for such a short time?
Why did you get so dirty?
Step off the mat quickly.
Don't stain my straw mat.
Isn't it all because of this?
It really is very rare.
It took me a lot of effort.
How could you want it
if it was something ordinary?
Open your mouth.
Catch it.
Just swallow it.
You're not as quick as you used to be.
It's just one trip
to the Forbidden Cliff.
It took you so much time.
Fortunately, you got back in time.
If you got here much later,
the flower would've been useless.
I ran into a troublesome girl.
You got rid of her?
She must be a disciple
of the Xuanyuan Sect
if was at the Forbidden Cliff.
Weren't you worried
that she might recognize you?
I find her quite interesting.
This is so unlike you.
All right, enough about that.
How long does it take for the
Hundred-layered Orchid to work?
You can try it now.
It really is effective.
Who told you to splash
my floor with water?
You'll feel an unusual stir
in your internal force these days.
Be careful.
Although the Hundred-layered Orchid
can only enhance superficial abilities
it's enough to fool Qi Zhen.
He already tested me once.
Luckily, I resolved the crisis
with the force of Qiongcang.
But judging by his suspicious nature
I'm afraid that he'll only put me
through more tests at the capital.
Don't worry.
I'll be there for you.
The heir apparent
will take his leave then.
I'm off.
By the way, there's another matter.
That's not the way
to start fire with wood!
You need more wood!
Put more in!
Hurry up! Hurry up!
Fu Yao!
Where have you been?
Why are you such a mess?
I tripped and fell down over there.
You tripped and fell?
How did you get so dirty
from just tripping?
It's true. It really hurts.
Did you get into trouble again?
I didn't.
- Be honest with me.
- It's fine.
I'll beat you if you don't tell me!
Uncle Zhou!
They came to prompt us again!
The banquet is about to begin!
We have to serve the food quickly!
Exactly!
Uncle Zhou, hurry up!
Did you hear that?
The banquet is about to begin!
Go and see to it!
- Get changed now!
- Yes!
You should hurry up too!
Yes, right away!
Do you all hear me?
Fu Yao, well? Did you get the flower?
Don't bring that up.
- Why?
- Stop bringing it up!
Why... All right.
What about White?
His Highness and Elder Statesman
Qi are visiting Mount Xuanyuan.
It truly is an honor for me
and for Xuanyuan Sect.
I'll drink a toast
to the both of you first.
Please have a drink.
Chief Yan, please have a drink.
Your Highness?
Your Highness!
Let's drink!
Are you drinking a toast?
Feel free. Help yourselves.
- Mentor.
- Father.
Why have you come so late?
Senior Yan was examining
the food for the banquet.
That's why he's held up.
Mentor, please forgive him.
I'm afraid my son is remiss as a host.
Elder Statesman Qi and
Your Highness, please don't mind him.
Allow me to make the introductions.
This is...
Greetings, Uncle.
Yuan, I haven't seen you in years,
you've grown even prettier.
Your aunt thought of you a few days ago
and asked when you'd be able
to meet her at the capital again.
Oh?
So Elder Statesman Qi is your uncle?
Commandery Princess,
it was remiss of me to not know of it.
Mentor, you're too kind.
Since I'm training
under the Xuanyuan Sect
I'm not a commandery princess,
but just a disciple here.
Uncle, don't mind me.
Who is the banquet for?
They made such a huge fuss over it.
Important guests from the capital.
One is the Elder Statesman
and the other, the heir apparent.
The heir apparent?
It's said that he was
the legal first born of Quan City
here in our commandery.
The legal first born of Quan City?
Why does that sound so familiar?
Junior Pei.
You're actually Master Qi's niece?
Why didn't you mention it?
What is there to mention?
I'm here to learn skills.
My identity and social status
shouldn't matter.
In front of you, I'm just me, Senior.
Here.
Senior Yan, here's a toast to you.
- Chief Yan.
- Elder Statesman Qi.
How old is your son?
My son will turn 20 next year.
Has he made any marriage proposals?
Not yet.
Elder Statesman Qi,
please enjoy yourself today.
You must drink till you drop.
Chief Yan, you're too kind.
It's said that he was
the legal first born of Quan City.
Haven't you heard
of first come, first served?
In my book,
whoever gets it first owns it.
Save me!
I'm the legal first born
of Quan City, Xuanyuan Min.
Save me!
That doesn't seem right?
Your Highness,
you're charming and handsome.
Even our servant can't
tear her eyes from you.
Hey, little one!
Come here.
Pour me some wine.
Do you even know how to serve anyone?
My clothes...
I have to change out of this.
Little one!
You made the mess.
Come help me get changed.
Shouldn't you head over quickly?
You, whatever you're called!
Get me my clothes.
Go on!
You.
Come with me.
Close the door behind you.
We meet again after
parting at Forbidden Cliff.
Your Highness, I don't understand.
Are you really smart
or just pretending to be ignorant?
I see.
Your Highness must have
run into my twin sister.
She's mischievous by nature.
If she has offended
Your Highness in any way
please don't take it to heart.
Your Highness.
Your twin sister?
You'd even tell such a lie?
Your Highness, can't you tell
any difference between me and my twin?
Darn you, little one!
You even have such tricks up your sleeve.
I already told you.
There are gadgets
all around Mount Xuanyuan.
Did you really think
this was an ordinary room?
It really is you, you little liar.
Whether or not I'm a liar,
that's not for sure.
But you're definitely an impostor.
Is that so?
Your probably didn't know
that I'm the only one
who has met the real heir apparent.
If I expose you now
do you think you can
leave the mountain alive?
You're right.
How about we make a deal?
It would have been fine
if you hadn't offended me.
Everything would have been fine.
But you robbed me
of my Hundred-layered Orchid.
You just want the orchid back?
- Where is my flower?
- I ate it.
Your Highness, I've brought your clothes.
Hey!
If you expose me now,
won't you be rendering a great merit?
I still want to get my flower back.
I won't get myself in trouble.
Your Highness.
Please get changed quickly.
They're still waiting
for you at the main hall.
What are you doing?
You're very smart.
Unfortunately, you're too inexperienced.
Did you really think that
the chains could hold me down?
Your Highness!
Don't behave so!
What's the rush?
I'm not even undressed yet.
Forgive me, Your Highness.
What is that about?
He's just a fake prince.
What a bully.
Fu Yao!
- What is it?
- White is dying!
- What's wrong with White?
- Take a look quickly!
Hurry up!
White!
White! What's the matter, White?
White, if you don't even
make it past this winter
I won't get to have any of your meat!
What are you talking about?
Are you raising White for pork?
How sad would White be
if it heard you say that?
What are you doing?
White...
- Take a look at it.
- What's the matter?
Something's wrong with White.
Here, take it.
It's from the heir apparent.
He said that it's an miraculous cure.
Will it work?
Whatever.
It's as good as
trying to save a dead horse.
But White is a pig!
Just feed it quickly!
All right... White, here's your medicine.
Be good, White.
Since you're willing to save
White, I'll let you off for now.
Hey! Get up quickly.
No, I have to wait till White is better.
Seven will take care of White.
- Come with me.
- No, it won't do.
Don't worry about it.
Take good care of White.
Hurry up!
Take good care of it!
Take the medicine.
You'll be fine after taking it.
Get going.
Have you forgotten that
you're Crown Prince Wu Ji
of the Tianquan Kingdom
and the emperor in line
to govern the five kingdoms?
Your mission is to pacify the unrest
in one of the vessel kingdoms and not...
Not traveling and getting
involved in romantic relationships.
Why did you give away my elixir
to a servant in Xuanyou Division then?
Do you know that I decocted
36 rare flowers in 49 days
to produce that elixir?
It's your lifesaver.
That's very generous of you.
So what? I took from her
so I had to pay it back.
Now I'm really curious
to know what she's like.
So am I.
I really didn't get myself
into any trouble lately.
Do you think that there's something
between me and that prince?
There's really nothing at all.
I actually just want to tell you that
it's not busy in Xuanyou Division lately.
Why don't you take a day off?
They told me about a market
at the bottom of the mountain.
It's really bustling.
Do you want to go there?
If you do, I'll give you the badge.
Get your hands off me!
You must be ill.
I'll get you White's medicine.
That's enough.
Don't always put up a strong front.
I know that although you're
always joking around
you keep all the unhappiness bottled up.
Right?
What could possibly upset me?
Who doesn't have any sad memories?
I've been through all that.
You should listen to me.
Young Master Yan might treat you well
but you don't belong to the same world.
In the end, you definitely
won't get to be with him.
His marital bond with Miss Pei Yuan
is certainly expected...
Hold on.
Whose marital bond?
Didn't Elder Statesman Qi give away
Miss Pei Yuan's hand in marriage
to Young Master Yan during
the welcome banquet today?
You were present.
You should know about it.
Pei Yuan... and Senior Yan?
I'll ask him about it.
Hey!
Fu Yao!
Senior Yan!
Where is Senior Yan?
Aren't you too bold?
How can you come to the Xuanzheng
Division without being summoned?
I'm here to see Senior Yan.
What's the point of seeing him now?
He and Senior Pei will soon...
- Where's Senior Yan?
- Shush!
Lower your voice.
In the past, others in the Xuanzheng
Division didn't dare to trifle with you
because Young Master Yan took your side.
But he's marrying Senior Pei very soon.
Do you know that
Senior Pei has a strong supporter?
All right, get going now.
If you don't leave,
I'll be punished for it.
Senior Yan!
I already told you that he wasn't here.
If you wish to see him,
go over to Senior Pei's.
Senior Yan!
Senior Yan, regarding
Elder Statesman Qi's suggestion
I think...
As for that matter...
It's still too early to discuss that.
Senior Yan, what is your concern?
Junior Pei, don't be so sensitive.
It's just that I have yet
to win the Warrior Hunt.
Not to mention that I don't hold
a post in the royal court.
I'm afraid that you
might be aggrieved by it.
Why would you think
so little of yourself?
The Warrior Hunt is just a trivial
contest that you can surely win.
Then, we'll have Elder Statesman
Qi host the wedding for us.
Our wedding will surely be
a grand occasion in the capital.
Don't worry.
My aunt and uncle really dote on me.
As long as you come
with me to the capital
you'll surely be guaranteed
a promising future.
What's the matter?
Everything's fine.
It's getting windy.
Why don't I walk you back
to your quarters?
Senior Yan...
There's no need to come after me.
I'm not your Senior Yan.
You... Why is it you?
Are you still hoping that
your Senior Yan would come after you?
Why did you eavesdrop on me?
In this great big world,
I just happened to be right here.
How is that eavesdropping?
Besides, I'm not the only one
who overheard you.
I have a lot on my mind.
Don't annoy me.
What is it that you want?
Little one, I can't be bothered
to worry about your feelings now.
We must put an end to what
we discussed this morning.
Do you want to silence me?
What a great day.
First, I'm dumped by Senior Yan.
Second, I found out about your secret.
Now you want to kill me.
I'm just a servant
under the Xuanyou Division.
I actually ended up getting
in the way of such important people.
Fine.
Kill me if you wish.
Are you so eager to die?
Does what I think even matter?
Do it.
What on earth is that?
Quickly!
Subtitles by DramaFever